1.Can you define the final keyword in Java?
This technical question asks you to define a concept within Java. When i"Compare and Swap is a type of instruction which helps to synchronize threads in a multi-threading environment. The way it works is to examine the content of a memory location and, if it matches another location, it modifies the value of the content and creates a new value. This prevents the content from being used by another thread and a write operation failing."nterviewing at Amazon or any other organization, you should carefully listen to the questions you are being asked. Do not start to formulate your answer until the interviewer has completed asking the question. This will ensure that you understand what they are asking and that your answer corresponds to what they are looking for. When answering this question, the mistake you can make is providing too much information since you are only being asked to define the concept.
"Within Java, the final keyword is used with the class to make sure that no other class can extend it."
2.In your opinion, Is Java Pass By Value or Pass By Reference?
You may note that this question asks you for your opinion, even though it is technical. Not all technical questions have finite answers. Some may be relevant to the work you do or the type of experience you have writing programs. It is okay to state an opinion about a topic as long as you can support your answer. When asked a question of this type during the interview with Amazon, you can anticipate follow-up questions asking why you believe this to be the right answer.
"This is an interesting question. If you ask the current Java developers working here at Amazon, some will say that Java is pass by value, while the others will say pass by reference. In my opinion, Java is pass by value. This is how it is defined in the Java Spec. Java method parameters directly associate variable passing and method calling. The exception is when we pass a reference of complex types defined as method parameters, the memory address is copied to a new reference variable."
3.Can you tell me what a Compare and Swap algorithm is and how you use it when coding in Java?
This is a more complex technical question, which asks you to define a term and then discuss how it is used when creating a Java program. Regardless of whether a question is simple or complex, it would be best to keep your answer brief and to the point. The Amazon interviewer will either ask for more information or move on to the next topic.
